RPC-edits (#1)
rfc-editor/SGtest-rfc0000: XXtest-rfc0000.md

Author: ```suggestion
This document defines policy for the inclusion of SVGs in the definitive versions of RFCs and relevant publication formats. It contains policy requirements from RFC 7996 and removes all requirements related to using a specific SVG profile or specific implementation code. It also makes the RFC Publication Center (RPC) responsible for implementation decisions regarding SVGs.
```

Reviewer: This suggestion does not seem correct with the empty NEW text.

Author: I'm not sure why the diff shows up like this.  If you click the three dots and select edit, you can see the full text is there being edited.  strange.

  SVG:
    author:
      org: W3C

>     title: Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2

Reviewer: FYI: Please note that the title of the document has been updated as follows. Let us know any objections.

Original:
Scalable Vector Graphics

Updated:
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) 2

# Introduction

> This document sets policy for the inclusion of Scalable Vector Graphics (SVGs) in the definitive versions of RFCs and relevant publication formats. It contains policy requirements taken from {{RFC7996}} and removes all requirements related to using a specific SVG profile or specific implementation code.

Reviewer: In Intro, cut expansion for SVG and just use acronym

> This document sets policy for the inclusion of Scalable Vector Graphics (SVGs) in the definitive versions of RFCs and relevant publication formats. It contains policy requirements taken from {{RFC7996}} and removes all requirements related to using a specific SVG profile or specific implementation code.

Reviewer: In Abstract and introduction, change “sets policy” to “defines policy”

> This document sets policy for the inclusion of Scalable Vector Graphics (SVGs) in the definitive versions of RFCs and relevant publication formats. It contains policy requirements taken from {{RFC7996}} and removes all requirements related to using a specific SVG profile or specific implementation code.

Author: ```suggestion
This document defines policy for the inclusion of SVGs in the definitive versions of RFCs and relevant publication formats. It contains policy requirements taken from {{RFC7996}} and removes all requirements related to using a specific SVG profile or specific implementation code.
```

> SVG has been developed by W3C, the World Wide Web Consortium {{SVG}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SVG has been developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) {{SVG}}.
```

> The RFC Publication Center (RPC) is responsible for making SVG tooling and implementation decisions. They may want to use the content of {{RFC7996}} as a starting point for those decisions, but they are not bound by {{RFC7996}}. In addition, the RPC may change elements of the implementation as needed to support the RFC authoring community as long as those changes are aligned with the policy requirements in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RFC Publication Center (RPC) is responsible for making decisions about SVG tooling and implementation. They may want to use the content of {{RFC7996}} as a starting point for those decisions, but they are not bound by {{RFC7996}}. In addition, the RPC may change elements of the implementation as needed to support the RFC authoring community as long as those changes are aligned with the policy requirements in this document.
```

# Policy Requirements

> SVG tooling and implementation decisions are made or overseen by the RPC and must adhere to the policy requirements in this document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decisions about SVG tooling and implementation are made by the RPC and must adhere to the policy requirements in this document.
```

* SVGs may be included in RFCs to help explain a concept more clearly, but they should not be the only representation of that concept. A good-faith effort should be made to assure that descriptions of concepts -- which might include protocols, formats, or system architectures -- are fully represented in the text of the RFC. At minimum, SVGs should be consistent with the descriptions in the text of the RFC.

> * SVGs must not include animation or interactive features. SVGs should include only limited reactive design elements (scaling, dark/light mode, and perhaps minor adjustments to allow for variations in display technology). The intent of this is to ensure that the diagram's meaning is not altered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SVGs must not include animation, emojis, or interactive features. SVGs should include only limited reactive design elements (scaling, dark/light mode, and perhaps minor adjustments to allow for variations in display technology). The intent of this is to ensure that the diagram's meaning is not altered.
```

Add emojis

> * Images and diagrams in RFCs should be successfully rendered and understood by the widest audience possible. To that end, the RPC may prohibit the use of SVG features that are known to lack support on common devices, that do not render on small or low-resolution screens, or that could make diagrams less comprehensible for any significant readership. This includes:

Author: RV - Can I edit a comment belonging to someone else?

In the text below, may we update "This includes" to clarify the subject of "This" and to create parallel sentence structure with
the list items that follow?

Original:

To that end, the RPC may prohibit the use of SVG features that are 
known to lack support on common devices, that do not render on 
small or low-resolution screens, or that could make diagrams less 
comprehensible for any significant readership. This includes:

    SVGs must not contain pointers to external resources.

    SVGs must not contain executable script.

    SVGs should be as accessible as possible to people with visual
    disabilities...

Perhaps:

To that end, the RPC may prohibit the use of SVG features that are 
known to lack support on common devices, that do not render on 
small or low-resolution screens, or that could make diagrams less 
comprehensible for any significant readership. Thus, SVGs:

    must not contain pointers to external resources.

    must not contain executable script.

    should be as accessible as possible to people with visual
    disabilities...

  * SVGs must not contain pointers to external resources.
  * SVGs must not contain executable script.
  * SVGs should be as accessible as possible to people with visual disabilities, including those who have color blindness, those who need to scale or change fonts, and those who use screen reading software. The RPC will refer to the W3C Accessibility Guidelines {{WAI}} when making decisions regarding accessibility.

> * Authors may include multiple versions of images or diagrams in rfcxml.  Publication formats should present the versions best suited to each format.  In many cases, that will be an SVG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Authors may include multiple versions of images, diagrams, or artwork in rfcxml.
```

added "artwork"
